= CapGun
  
== DESCRIPTION:

Tell everyone about your releases!  Send email notification after Capistrano deployments!  Rule the world!

Drop your ActionMailer config into your deploy.rb, config who should get notifications, and setup the callback task.

Setup and configuration are done entirely inside your deploy.rb file to KISS.  Your emails are sent locally, from the box that is deployed, but do query the server for release info.

We include the Net::SMTP TLS hack inside as a vendor'ed dependancy to allow super easy email sending without setting up an MTA.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Capistrano 2+
* A gmail account to send from, or an MTA installed locally to send from
* Something to deploy

== ISSUES

* displays the release times in UTC (Capistrano default) - could be flipped to specified timezone
* some stuff will probably break on windows

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install cap_gun

== URLS

* Log bugs, issues, and suggestions on Trac: http://opensource.thinkrelevance.com/wiki/cap_gun
* View Source: http://github.com/relevance/cap_gun/tree/master
* Git clone Source: git://github.com/relevance/cap_gun.git
* RDocs: http://thinkrelevance.rubyforge.org/cap_gun/

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Relevance, Inc. - http://thinkrelevance.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
